Deals 3 slightly powerful hits.
Deals 2 moderately powerful hits.
Deals an extremely powerful hit.
Raises strength by 1 tier for 2 attacks.
Inflicts more damage the more turns have passed.
Inflicts more damage the more special attacks used in succession.
Slightly recovers HP before attacking.
Raises Magic-based defense by 1 tier for 1 turn.
Inflicts more damage to poisoned targets.
Inflicts more damage to sleeping targets.
Cures own status ailments before attacking.
Inflicts more damage to paralyzed targets.
Moderately recovers HP before attacking.
Inflicts a fixed amount of damage regardless of target's defense.
Inflicts more damage the more turns have passed.
Inflicts more damage the higher your HP.
Greatly recovers HP before attacking.
Unleashes an attack with no attributes.
Inflicts more damage the lower your HP.
Inflicts damage in exchange for defense.
Inflicts damage in exchange for HP.
Cures own status ailments and moderately recovers HP before attacking.
Removes target's status effects.
Mirrors target's status enhancements.
Deals 2 hits with no attributes.
Inflicts more damage the more gauges used this turn.
Inflicts more damage the more Lux collected in that stage.
Inflicts more damage the less Lux collected in that stage.
Inflicts more damage the more enemies defeated in that stage.
Inflicts more damage the more gauges are full.
Inflicts more damage the lower your HP.
Inflicts more damage the higher the slot number.
Inflicts more damage the more gauges required for the previous Medal.
Inflicts more damage the more gauges required for the next Medal.
Deals 11 immensely powerful hits.
Fills 4 gauges.
Inflicts more damage the bigger your party.
Inflicts more damage the more skills triggered in that stage.
Inflicts more damage in slot 5.
Inflicts more damage the higher the slot number.
Unleashes the same special attack as the next Medal. Works only when set before a Medal.
Inflicts more damage the lower the slot number.
Inflicts more damage the more gauges are full.
Inflicts more damage in slot 4.
Unleashes the same special attack as the previous Medal. Works only when set after a Medal.
HP recovery LV 4.
Has a 50% chance of being a critical attack.
Inflicts more damage the more special attacks used in succession.
Inflicts more damage the more gauges used this turn.
Inflicts more damage in slot 3.
Inflicts more damage in slot 6.
Enemy countdown unaffected.
Inflicts more damage the more turns have passed.
Uses all gauges regardless of skills. Inflicts more damage the more gauges used.;
HP MAX.
Next Medal: group attack.;
Next Medal turns Power.
Next Medal turns Speed.
Next Medal turns Magic.
Resets count. Gauge +10. Damage+: Lower slot number.;